<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head><title>Evaluation Memory Component Usage</title></head>
    <body>
        <h2><span  style="mso-fareast-font-family:&#34;Times New Roman&#34;; color:windowtext;mso-ansi-language:EN-US">Evaluation Memory Component Usage</span></h2>
        <h2><span  style="mso-fareast-font-family:&#34;Times New Roman&#34;; color:windowtext;mso-ansi-language:EN-US">Synopsis</span></h2>
        <p><span  style="mso-fareast-font-family:&#34;Times New Roman&#34;; mso-ansi-language:EN-US">The Evaluation Memory component stores results of loop runs and re-uses them in future runs.</span></p>
        <h3><span  style="mso-fareast-font-family:&#34;Times New Roman&#34;; mso-ansi-language:EN-US">Rationale</span></h3>
        <p><span  style="mso-ansi-language:EN-US">The Evaluation Memory component is used within loops. It can speed up loops by reusing results of past loop runs. Usually, the Evaluation Memory component is used before/after the loop driver component (e.g., DOE, Optimizer). It takes the design values of the loop driver component. Then, it either sends stored result values directly back to the loop driver or it forwards the values to the actual evaluation loop. If the evaluation loop is done, the newly evaluated result values are fed back to the loop driver via the Evaluation Memory component, so that it can store the result values together with the design values sent before for later reuse. The values are stored in a file on the file system.</span></p>
        <h3><span  style="mso-fareast-font-family:&#34;Times New Roman&#34;; mso-ansi-language:EN-US">Usage</span></h3>
        <p class="MsoNormal" style="tab-stops:45.8pt 91.6pt 137.4pt 183.2pt 229.0pt 274.8pt 320.6pt 366.4pt 412.2pt 458.0pt 503.8pt 549.6pt 595.4pt 641.2pt 687.0pt 732.8pt"><span  style="mso-ansi-language:EN-US">You need to configure two things: inputs/outputs and the path to the evaluation memory file wherein the values are stored respectively should be stored.</span></p>
        <p class="MsoNormal" style="tab-stops:45.8pt 91.6pt 137.4pt 183.2pt 229.0pt 274.8pt 320.6pt 366.4pt 412.2pt 458.0pt 503.8pt 549.6pt 595.4pt 641.2pt 687.0pt 732.8pt"><span  style="mso-ansi-language:EN-US">The inputs and outputs are configured in the "Inputs/Outputs" configuration tab. There are five tables whereby three of them are read-only. In the first one (seen from left to right and up to down), create an input for each design value sent from the evaluation loop driver to the loop. For each input an output is created as well in the second table. They are used in case the design values are just forwarded into the loop. In the third table, create one input for each result value evaluated by the loop. Again, for each input an output is created as well, this time it is created in the fourth table. They are used to forward the result values to the evaluation loop driver.</span></p>
        <p class="MsoNormal" style="tab-stops:45.8pt 91.6pt 137.4pt 183.2pt 229.0pt 274.8pt 320.6pt 366.4pt 412.2pt 458.0pt 503.8pt 549.6pt 595.4pt 641.2pt 687.0pt 732.8pt"><span  style="mso-ansi-language:EN-US"></span>The path to the evaluation memory file is either configured in the 'Memory File' configuration tab or is defined at workflow start if the checkbox is checked appropriately.</p>
        <p class="MsoNormal" style="tab-stops:45.8pt 91.6pt 137.4pt 183.2pt 229.0pt 274.8pt 320.6pt 366.4pt 412.2pt 458.0pt 503.8pt 549.6pt 595.4pt 641.2pt 687.0pt 732.8pt"><span  style="mso-ansi-language:EN-US"></span>Finally, the inputs and outputs must be connected to the evaluation loop driver and to the loop properly. If done, there are actually two loops: evaluation loop driver - Evaluation Memory component and Evaluation Memory component - evaluation loop. The fist one is driven by the evaluation loop driver, the second one is driven by the Evaluation Memory component. Thereby, only the evaluation loop driver is able to know when the second loop is done. Therefore, the evaluation loop driver must be connected to the Evaluation Memory component: Connect the output 'Outer loop done' of the evaluation loop driver to the input 'Loop done' of the Evaluation Memory component.</p>
        <p class="MsoNormal" style="tab-stops:45.8pt 91.6pt 137.4pt 183.2pt 229.0pt 274.8pt 320.6pt 366.4pt 412.2pt 458.0pt 503.8pt 549.6pt 595.4pt 641.2pt 687.0pt 732.8pt"><span  style="mso-ansi-language:EN-US"></span>Now the Evaluation Memory component is ready to use.</p>
    </body>
</html>