<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
                      "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
        <title></title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h2><span
                style="mso-fareast-font-family:&#34;Times New Roman&#34;; color:windowtext;mso-ansi-language:EN-US"
                >VAMPzero Initializer Component Usage</span></h2>
        <h2><span
                style="mso-fareast-font-family:&#34;Times New Roman&#34;; color:windowtext;mso-ansi-language:EN-US"
                >Synopsis</span></h2>
        <h3><span style="font-size:12.0pt;mso-ansi-language:EN-US; font-weight:normal"
                >The VAMPzero initializer provides means to create an input data set for the
                conceptual aircraft design tool VAMPzero via a user-friendly graphical interface.
                The output consists of a CPACS file that can be forwarded to a copy of
                    VAMPzero.<span
                    style="mso-fareast-font-family:&#34;Times New Roman&#34;; color:windowtext;mso-ansi-language:EN-US"
                    >Rationale</span><span
                    style="font-size:12.0pt;mso-ansi-language:EN-US;font-weight:normal"
                ></span></span></h3>
        <h3><span style="font-size:12.0pt;mso-ansi-language:EN-US; font-weight:normal"
                >The basic idea is that RCE in combination with the Common Parametric Aircraft
                Configuration Schema (CPACS) and the conceptual aircraft design code VAMPzero enable
                new users to easily start their aircraft design. Hence, it is important to provide
                means to easily manipulate the input settings of VAMPzero without being forced to
                interact with the CPACS file directly. In consequence, the VAMPzero Initializer
                fulfils this task, as it can create new or manipulate existing input data sets for
                VAMPzero. <br  /> The output of the VAMPzero Initializer is a CPACS file
                that contains the &lt;toolspecific&gt; input for VAMPzero. Hence, an identical file
                can be created manually. In a subsequent step the file needs to be forwarded to an
                instance of VAMPzero to perform the conceptual aircraft design. <br  />
                All input values of VAMPzero are available. Nevertheless, there is no check whether
                the input setting is actually reasonable or not. For further information on VAMPzero
                and its parameters please visit: <a href="http://software.dlr.de/p/vampzero/home/"
                    shape="rect">http://software.dlr.de/p/vampzero/home/</a></span></h3>
        <h2><span
                style="mso-fareast-font-family:&#34;Times New Roman&#34;; color:windowtext;mso-ansi-language:EN-US"
                >Usage</span><span
                style="font-size:12.0pt;mso-ansi-language:EN-US;font-weight:normal"></span></h2>
        <h3><span style="font-size:12.0pt;mso-ansi-language:EN-US; font-weight:normal"
                >On the properties tab in the column Initialization you may edit or define new
                parameters to the aircraft. Each parameter, e.g., reference Area, is adjacent to a
                component, e.g., wing, and a discipline, e.g., geometry. Hence, first the component
                and the discipline must be selected to obtain a list of possible inputs. If you want
                to remove a parameter from an input set the you may use the revert button.<br
                     /> You may either enter a value or a factor. A value overwrites
                VAMPzero's initial value. A factor is simply multiplicated to the VAMPzero
                calculation method, much like a normal technology factor.<br  /> Via the
                load configuration button it is possible to load a pre-defined set of input values.
                    <br  /> To finalize the input data set you must press the Create
                CPACS button. The output of the VAMPzero Initializer component may then be connected
                via the draw connection tool to another instance of VAMPzero.</span></h3>
    </body>
</html>