<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
                      "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
        <title>CPACS Writer Component Usage</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h2><span
                style="mso-fareast-font-family:&#34;Times New Roman&#34;; color:windowtext;mso-ansi-language:EN-US"
                >CPACS Writer Component Usage</span></h2>
        <h2><span
                style="mso-fareast-font-family:&#34;Times New Roman&#34;; color:windowtext;mso-ansi-language:EN-US"
                >Synopsis</span></h2>
        <h3><span style="font-size:12.0pt;mso-ansi-language:EN-US; font-weight:normal"
                >The CPACS Writer component saves incoming CPACS content as an xml file on the local
                file system. It has a runtime-GUI to show the CPACS file in TiGL Viewer.</span></h3>
        <h3><span
                style="mso-fareast-font-family:&#34;Times New Roman&#34;; mso-ansi-language:EN-US"
                >Usage</span></h3>
        <h3><span
                style="font-size:12.0pt;mso-fareast-font-family:&#34;Times New Roman&#34;; mso-ansi-language:EN-US;font-weight:normal;mso-bidi-font-weight:bold"
                >On the “Target” tab you can select the target folder where the file will be
                    stored.<br  /> If you select the property “Overwrite CPACS file each
                run” the filename will be “cpacs.xml” and the file will be overwritten each time the
                component runs. If you do not select this property a new file will be written on
                each run with a filename following the scheme “cpacs_[iteration
                count]_[timestamp].xml”.</span></h3>
        <h3><span
                style="font-size:12.0pt;mso-fareast-font-family:&#34;Times New Roman&#34;; mso-ansi-language:EN-US;font-weight:normal;mso-bidi-font-weight:bold"
                >You can define the scheduling of the static input channels on the tab
                    “Inputs/Outputs”<br  /> You are also able to add dynamic input or
                output channels here. Thus it is possible to map single values into the XML dataset
                via XPATH declaration. Moreover, you can select single values in order to write them
                in an output channel.</span></h3>
        <h3><span
                style="font-size:12.0pt;mso-fareast-font-family:&#34;Times New Roman&#34;; mso-ansi-language:EN-US;font-weight:normal;mso-bidi-font-weight:bold"
                >On the “History Data” tab you can select whether to store history data for each
                component run or not.</span></h3>
        <h3><span
                style="mso-fareast-font-family:&#34;Times New Roman&#34;; mso-ansi-language:EN-US"
                >Runtime GUI</span></h3>
        <h3><span
                style="font-size:12.0pt;mso-fareast-font-family:&#34;Times New Roman&#34;; mso-ansi-language:EN-US;font-weight:normal;mso-bidi-font-weight:bold"
                >Double clicking on the CPACS Writer component during or after workflow execution
                opens the “CPACS Geometry” view where the current CPACS content is shown. By
                clicking the button “Show CPACS dataset in TIGL Viewer” the corresponding view “TIGL
                Viewer” will show the CPACS geometry in the TiGL Viewer.</span></h3>
    </body>
</html>